• R8.29 
Is a Java program without import statements limited to using the default and
java.lang packages?

No, a Java program without import statements is not limited to using the default and
java.lang packages because import statements tell the compiler in which packages to
find certain classes so that you can reference the classes by name in your program.
However, it is also possible to reference classes by their "full name" within a Java
class. This means referencing a Java class using its package name plus class name.
For example, I could reference the Scanner class as java.util.Scanner. Following is
an example:

java.util.Scanner scanner = new java.util.Scanner(java.lang.System in);

Naturally, this is somewhat inconvenient, so we usually import a class name with an
import statement, such as the following:

import java.util.Scanner;

And then I can refer to the class Scanner without the package prefix.
I can import all classes of a package with an import statement that ends in .*, for
example import java.util.*; imports all classes from the java.util package into the 
Java class the statement is in. This way I don't need to refer to classes of the util
package like Scanner or Random with the java.util package prefix.

The java.lang package classes are imported into all Java classes automatically, so 
I never need to explicitly import classes of the java.lang package, such as Math and
Object. These classes are always visible to me. 

I also don't need to import classes in the same package as the class I am writing, 
because the compiler can find classes in the same package as the class I am writing 
without me having to import them. For example, if I am writing a class and I specify 
that it is in the package com.horstmann.bigjava with the package specification 
statement:
package com.horstmann.bigjava
I do not need to import other classes in the com.horstmann.bigjava package into my 
class, because the compiler can find other classes in this package reference in my 
class of the same package for me.
