•• R8.31 
Consider the task of fully justifying a paragraph of text to a target length, by
putting as many words as possible on each line and evenly distributing extra spaces
so that each line has the target length. Devise a plan for writing a program that
reads a paragraph of text and prints it fully justified. Describe a sequence of 
progressively more complex intermediate programs, similar to the approach in 
Section 8.5.

okay, so fully justifying a line of text means adding spaces in between the words 
of a line of text so that it fully occupies the space available to it horizontally,
i.e., so that it touches its left and right margins.

Fully justifying a paragraph of text achieves the same objective but instead of only 
adding spaces to a single line of text to make it meet its width requirements, you 
also try to maximise the amount of words that can fit on each line of text in the
paragraph. So the width of each line in the paragraph is the same.

Okay, I need to devise a plan for writing a program that reads a paragraph of text
and prints it fully justified, i.e., as a series of lines of text with the same width
and as many words as possible on each line of text.

How do I solve a simpler task first to make this complex problem easier to solve?

Well, I could solve the task of fully justifying a single line of text.
Even easier, I could solve the task of fully justifying two words of text.

plan:

1) justify two words of text on a single line so that the line is of target length
   between the first character of the first word and the last character of the second
   word.

2) justify n words of text on a single line so that the line is of the target
   character length and spaces are evenly distributed between each word, with the
   line length starting with the first character of the first word and ending with
   the last character of the last word.

3) justify n words from 2 lines of text of different length to a target length by
   putting as many words as possible on each line and evenly distributing spaces so 
   that each line has the same character length which matches the target length.

4) justify n words from m lines of text (a full paragraph of text) to a target length
   by putting as many words as possible on each line of text and evenly distributing
   space across each line of text so that each line in the justified paragraph is of
   the same length.
