••• R12.13 
A file contains a set of records describing countries. Each record consists of the name
of the country, its population, and its area. 

Suppose your task is to write a program that reads in such a file and prints
• The country with the largest area.
• The country with the largest population.
• The country with the largest population density (people per square kilometer).

Think through the problems that you need to solve. 
What classes and methods will you need? 
Produce a set of CRC cards, a UML diagram, and a set of javadoc comments. 

designing an object oriented program problem-solving

step 1 gather requirements and write them in plain english
What should the program do?
already provided by the description of the country data analyser program.
major tasks my program must do:
1- read in a file contains records describing countries consisting of the country name, population, and area
2- print the country with the largest area
3- print the country with the largest population
4- print the country with the largest population density

step 2 discover candidate classes
by looking at nouns in the requirements specification:
Record, Name, Population, Area, Country, Population Density, 
and by thinking of names of entities in the problem domain:
File Reader, Printer

step 3 discover responsibilities
I already have a list of the major tasks my program needs to fulfil so I don't need to 
make this list again from looking at the verbs in the requirements specification.
major tasks my program must do:
1- read in a file contains records describing countries consisting of the country name, population, and area
2- print the country with the largest area
3- print the country with the largest population
4- print the country with the largest population density
Now I need to figure out which class is responsible for each behaviour.
And then ask myself what does an object of that class need to carry out that behaviour.
I will use the CRC card method for discovering classes and their responsibilities.
